hello my friends welcome to my favorites
and fails countdown for November we're
gonna be counting down from the worst
product I tried this month all the way
up to the best product I tried this
month I've got products from all
different price ranges to share with you
and I cannot wait to show you what I've
got for you this month and we're gonna
start that right about now before I get
started I do want to tell you what is on
my eyes and what's on my lips is
actually one of the products we're gonna
be talking about in a little bit but on
my eyes I'm trying this out this was
sent to me by my friend Nancy this is
the ritual de fée and this is the shade
cultist it's one of their eye suits so
that's what's on my eye from here to
here and then the rest of my eye look is
from the lorac mega Pro 4 palette the
lorac was kind enough to send me that
I'm super excited to try because emily
noel 83 had given this array of review
and i wasn't sure if I was gonna buy it
or not and then it showed up on my
mailbox I'm super excited so the major
shade that you're seeing right now on my
lower lid is this shade peacock and I've
used some of these gray shades in here a
little bit yeah I'm super excited oh and
then flamingos is kind of up kind of
above my crease a little bit I wanted to
do something a little bit different this
week upon a request so you know who you
are if you're watching you know the one
that said that I always do the same eye
look this one's for you girlfriend this
one's for you so let's get into the
product that I try well sort of try
didn't really try but number 10 this
month let's get going at number 10 this
is a product that I actually didn't get
a chance to try and the reason why is
this was sent to me or given to me at a
generation Beauty buys you a and it's
been sitting for a while it is their
long-wear cream a mousse I shadow in the
shade Twilight it's been sitting in my
to try drawer for a quite a long time I
can't say exactly how long but I hadn't
even opened it when I did open it to use
it it had that little stick to it you
know when you know like right now I
can't get it to do it because it's been
open but you could tell it just hadn't
been opened yet and the reason why was
because it is a very dark grey shade but
I wanted to do a look kind of like this
a few days ago and
when to use it and it was completely
dried out and again it had never been
open so you can see that it's you know
it's completely dried out so that made
me really sad that it didn't get a
chance to try these I would love to know
if you've tried these before if you've
had a problem with them drying out there
is a warning on here that shrinkage can
occur if the product is supposed to air
for extended periods of time closed lid
tightly after each use but this had
never been opened so I don't know if
this is a continuing problem with these
products or what but yeah so this is
number ten this month even though I
didn't even get a chance to use it which
kind of makes me sad number nine is a
product that I reviewed a while ago I do
have a full review on this product after
I'd used it a few times this is the
Boscia cleansing ball the big problem I
have with this is that there is no good
case for it once you open it there's no
good way to store all they give you is
this like plastic thing so my idiot self
decided I was going to accidentally
leave it open and you can see that yeah
it's like not even a ball anymore if I
closed up the packaging it would have
stayed a little bit better but at the
same time even when I was closing it it
was shrinking quite a bit and I really
don't think this is something that I
would repurchase it is just I don't know
it's just I mean it's a fine cleanser
but it's too hard to maintain I think
that if Boscia if they put it in a
better packaging I think that this would
be better look all I need to do is come
up with like an Easter egg kind of
format you know where you have like a
plastic container that snaps shut kind
of like a traditional plastic Easter egg
they need something like that rather
than this I mean and it just got
disgusting and I just I don't know I
guess maybe I just didn't use it fast
enough or whatever but this is
definitely gonna be a no for me from now
just because of the way that it it kind
of has lived its life I do like this as
far as the effectiveness of it I just
the storage of it kind of ruined it for
me so this is number nine this month now
we're getting into things that I don't
hate but things that I think could be
better so this is the hood of beauty
lips strobe set this here it just
disappointed me they've got these
beautiful iridescent lip strobes so each
one is slightly different you've got
this one that's kind of like a bright
peach like a peachy pinky peachy
and then you've got like a purpley pink
and then you've got more of a yellowy
peach and then a pink these don't do
anything in my opinion unless you gently
put them onto your lips and let them sit
there without ever kind of putting your
lips together so if you're looking for
something for Instagram or for photos or
something like that they'll be fine
well they're not opaque for one and I
feel like on the back of the box it kind
of makes you think that they might be
opaque which they're not even close to
it they just give a little bit of an
iridescent shine and again they blend
into lipsticks if at any point you talk
in your lips go together or you know you
in any way no moisture lips together the
color is gone the iridescent just kind
of pushes in so that made me really sad
this is my first experience with hooda
beauty makeup and was not super
impressed with these because I really
wanted the iridescent to be like by a
mirrored essence like the one from milk
makeup is really good for that this one
is just mmm it's just kind of man as far
as the stickiness goes it is slightly
sticky but it's not once you get on the
lips it's really not like overly sticky
or anything the scent is slightly very
very slightly vanilla just very slightly
so they're not bad products they're just
not good and I'm probably gonna end up
taking this setback it makes me sad the
next product I want to share with you is
another one that I really like but I
think could be improved these are the
mode makeup these are glide on wet shine
glosses and they are almond oil based I
really love the sense of these I love
the feel of them I love that they're
almond oil based because that's a greedy
entire Sinhalese in my lip care the
cents are amazing each one is
individually scented the color in them
really isn't a lot of color so don't
expect them to be you know super
pigmented as far as color right they
don't even really tint your lips that
much the formula itself is wonderful I
really like it what I don't like is the
packaging the packaging is it's kind of
difficult to get the lip oil out like it
takes some work to get the oil onto the
lips I think it's a packaging issue that
I'm hoping that mode will be able to
work out this is these were sent to me
by mode to try
again formal insides great I just can't
get it out so that's really my only
complaint about it they're really good
otherwise number six is a product that
was given to me by Stephanie Nicole when
I went for her collab and it is the vamp
stamp let me tell you I really love this
I really love how easy it is to use I
love the lasting power I want the
formula in here is amazing Stephanie
said that she's tried to use it with
other use the vamp snip with other like
gel liners and stuff it doesn't work I
can see why because this is more of a
wet formula but it dries very very
quickly my only critique about this is
this is the smallest one this is one in
kitten it is still too big for me oh
that would be wonderful like even like
you know this much smaller would be
great they need like a baby kitten like
well guess a kitten is a baby I don't
know what they need they mean they need
like um I don't know like a hamster size
or something but but this one is just
it's too big and I have to want a
dramatic wing and this is again the
smallest one when I was with Stephanie
they put the medium one on me and I
thought I was just gonna fly away right
there it's just way too much me I don't
know I guess I'm just not used to it I'm
getting used to it I do really like it a
lot it's just it's a little big for me
that's my only critique for it next up I
have a couple of holiday releases for
you that I really wanted to do full
reviews on but I honestly don't think
I'm going to have time to do them
because I have things to me that are of
a higher priority so I don't think I'm
gonna get to these but I do want to show
them to you this is the Too Faced
boss-lady beauty agenda and I honestly
think that this is going to be a good
gift for someone it is $58 I think this
is gonna be a great gift for someone
that likes something that's a little
less serious a little more fun a little
more playful of an agenda so it comes
with this and it says don't let today be
a waste of your makeup
it's got stickers in it and it says ho
oh hey look at these stickers it's got a
to-do list in here for every month and
then it's got a calendar and then they
have like national peach cobbler day and
Jared's birthday from Too Faced I mean
this was made for Too Faced lovers who
are
also into stickers let's just put it
that way you know people that are older
like stickers I Who am I to say if
you're older you can't like sicker you
can like whatever you want but I just
for me this is not my jam this is this
is something I'm not going to use I will
probably pass this on to someone this
Too Faced eyeshadow palette is actually
quite good as far as the quality goes
for Too Faced now remember when you get
a Too Faced eyeshadow palette we're not
talking about punch you in the eye
pigment this is going to be more work
school lighter look pigmentation lasting
power on this is good it does get a
little bit muddy toward the end of the
day but it's not terrible but it is good
quality for a two-faced holiday
collection it's very good quality last
year's Tuesday's holiday collection the
quality for me was awful it was the
lasting power was not good for me the
blend ability it was just very powdery
and very difficult to get it not to
blend away it just seemed to be very
cheaply made where this I feel like is
more consistent with the better palettes
from Too Faced which was a surprise for
me there are a lot of very similar
shades to this in other Too Faced
palettes but based on I did do a video
first impression of this and there are
it's very few shades that are actually
dupes that are hiding in here but
nothing that's like a super super
perfect dupe on the eye they're probably
gonna look the same so what I would
recommend this for is people that just
don't have these shades and people that
would like the beauty agenda whole thing
because the quality is good and it is a
fun palette to work with I've made quite
a few really pretty looks with this the
cheek products are very nice the
highlighter is very glowy me personally
I would buy this for a someone in their
teens to low to mid 20s that's what I
think of but that's not to say that
people who are older won't enjoy it like
I mentioned earlier I do feel like it's
a pretty good quality palette not my
personal taste coz I like things be a
lot punchier than this but it's not bad
that's why it's kind of in the middle
it's just kind of okay but it's great
for the right person you know what I'm
saying so let's move on
next one now this one I feel like is
going to be a great gift for someone
that is looking for some new makeup but
doesn't have a ton of makeup already
this is the holiday collection from
Tarte and this one is really cool okay
so you get all of these eyeshadows you
can do some really natural-looking eye
looks with a lot of these brown shades
but you can also do some smokey looks
over here
no big pops of color just you know
really nice you know more traditional
kinds of I'm not trying to get a bunch
of attention eyes shadow looks but you
can definitely bring it into the evening
I also like that this is definitely good
for multiple skin tones because we've
got a nice mix of light medium and deep
shades in here both in the matte formula
and in the shimmer formula it's really
really good I'm really enjoying this
I've created some gorgeous looks with
this do I need this in my collection no
I have plenty of shades that are similar
to this but for somebody that doesn't
have a lot of makeup this is great and
also why it's great is you also get
these two bronzer shades a highlighter
shade and two blushed shades I do wish
that they had stuck a deeper blush in
here I'm kind of irritated that they
they went through all of this to make
this so Universal for so many people but
then they they really stunk out on them
on the blush and bronzer shades I mean
like really could you could we have not
have brought one of these to like a
deeper color and the thing is it's like
I feel like I can wear deeper blushes
and bronzers and things as long as I use
a light hand I can use them it's not
like people have lighter skin tones
can't use deeper colors feel like some
of these are a little bit I don't know
that they might not look the best on
deeper skin tones this highlighter
though is really really pretty I think
that would be great
depending on your skin tone you may be
able to walk rock one of these bronzers
the other I personally am NOT the
biggest fan of bronzer on me especially
shimmery bronzer because this one's a
shimmery one this one's a matte not the
biggest fan of those but
inside here you also get a nice lip
product this one is the TARDIS lip paint
in can I get it out in that little
pocket you get a TARDIS
lip paint and I'm not sure of the shade
because it's not written on here but I
will annotate it and you also get a sex
kitten eyeliner this is a rollup
eyeliner right here and it has a smudger
on the other side so if you're going for
those smokey looks you can get you know
your smokey smudgy eyeliner here and
then you get a light camera lashes
mascara this is a really good mascara
some high-end mascaras I could totally
do without this one I actually really
really like a lot and then this I did
enjoy I've used this a couple of times
I'm not the biggest fan of pencil
eyeliners but this has been very nice
for me it did not seep down like how a
lot of my my pencil eyeliners will kind
of smudge down here through the day this
did not do that so I was very happy
about that
and then the tardis lip paints are a
little bit dry so they're not my
favorite formula but one thing I find is
they pair very well with lip balms if
you want to kind of moisten up your
Tartus lip paint it won't make the
lipstick go outside the lip line if you
use a lip balm lip glosses depending on
the lip gloss will kind of make it move
around but just if you just layer it
with a lip balm it really makes these a
lot more comfortable so it's just not my
favorite formula but I do like the shade
a lot I'm not sure about this for many
many skin tones 74 skin tones I feel
like can rock a shade like this and then
sometimes I feel like it just looks a
little bit off I guess you're just gonna
have to decide whether this is a shade
that works well for you I feel like I
don't know I mean it's hard because I
only have one skin tone but watching a
lot of women of color doing reviews I
feel like I get a better idea of what
works and what doesn't so sometimes I
see that those shades work and sometimes
they don't seem to work but overall I
thought this is a great gift especially
someone that is only used to using
really inexpensive lower quality
eyeshadow this would bring them to a
whole new level of Awesomeness and I
think they would really really love it
so definitely some things in here that I
feel it could be better but overall I
think it's wonderful really great
quality whoa that was a long one okay
let's go on to the next
so on this is the desert kisses trio by
cryptic cosmetics this was sent to me by
cryptic cosmetics and that is what I'm
wearing on my lips today I'm wearing the
shade Banshee on my lips you see there's
three shades there's corn flake girl
Banshee and tragic kingdom' I really
like this liquid lipstick formula a lot
I don't think cryptic cosmetics gets
enough height for their lips liquid
lipstick formula they're beautiful this
this is just that there's no lip liner
there's no extra shine added that's how
they come out of the tube is like this
and they're very comfortable they're not
the most comfortable in the world
because they do have that dry down where
they are kiss proof I've been wearing
this for about maybe thirty minutes or
so totally kiss proof I don't feel like
it's crackling off of my lips they I can
still kind of feel it a little bit that
it is there and it is a little bit of a
dry feeling but not bad not bad at all
and I love the way that they wear they
wear beautifully and I really love them
a lot my big 40 about this is I feel
like the price point for how much you
get it's kind of crazy you get in
product here about half size of a
regular liquid lipstick which is like if
you're never gonna go through an entire
lips liquid lipstick and you're just
gonna throw it out before you run out
and yeah I definitely go for it but I
just wish there was more product in here
because compared to similar price points
there's just there's not enough product
in here in my opinion you know the
packaging is insanely gorgeous it's got
these I'm not sure if you can see but
there are these roses that are kind of a
glossy on this matte and you know you've
got the the satin here and they're just
beautiful beautiful colors wonderful
formula but there's just not enough
product in here for the price point and
drives me crazy because I want to say
that they're perfect but that's the only
thing that's not perfect about him so
this was one I wanted to include last
month but I was going on a plane to go
film with Stephanie Nicole for my
favorites last month and I couldn't
bring this with me because it was too
big and cuz I only had a carry-on I
didn't check any baggage because I was
on spirit and you know how that is on
spirit when you got a check bag I just
so it wasn't worth it so I'm gonna bring
it in this month this is the Maui
moisture thicken and restore plus bamboo
fibers this was given to me when I went
to generation Beauty I went to a
an organics pre-party for generation
Beauty and this was given to me there oh
my gosh like I've been getting so much
so many compliments on my hair lately
this I think is part of it my hair is
very thin if you can't tell like this is
all of my hair this that's it that is
that is all of my hair like that that is
my hair that's how much hair I have
there's nothing I mean my ponytail looks
like this I have no hair so I need
something to give me volume and for a
while I felt like my hair was just
looking really flat and not volumize at
all I feel like this has made a huge
difference in my hair as far as the
volume and the shine the sprayer on here
is really good it gives a nice wide even
missed and sprayers are very important
to me the way a product sprays out is
like a make or break this sprayer is
wonderful the smell of it is very sweet
but it's got kind of a bamboo kind of
scent to it where it's got kind of like
an earthy plant he kind of scent along
with the sweet so it makes my hair smell
really good as well and I can't
recommend this enough this has been
wonderful for my hair as far as volume
and shine and all of that and oh my gosh
is wonderful so there's no melon root
mineral oil and no silicones no parabens
no gluten no SLS I'm not sure what that
is no sulfated surfactants no synthetic
dye no AAL es I don't even know what
some of this stuff is it is vegan it's
eco-friendly it's there's pure coconut
water in here and pure aloe juice in
here so definite recommend on this one
and then finally my number one product
for this month is something that I love
I actually love I do have a full review
that I've already filmed on these
products but these are the collab
lipsticks collab is a brand by Sally
Beauty that they did in collaboration
with some youtubers so basically what
they did is they flew out a bunch of
youtubers to New York and they had them
test samples and give feedback and these
are the lipsticks this is the fate my
most favorite thing that I tried these
lipsticks are so creamy and pigmented
they don't run all over my face I do
have two of them I have the shade really
and the shade binge worthy they have
matte Finn
they do have satin-finish ones and
there's just the creaminess of them is
wonderful they have a little bit of a
lipstick smell they don't have a great
smell
but the lasting power on these is
wonderful if they fade down so
gracefully they don't give you that
patchy look as they fade away and they
leave you with a little bit of a stain
which I really like a lot because even
after the hydration has kind of gone
away you still have a little bit of
color left so if you're busy and you're
doing things like when I was teaching I
hated having to look and see if my
lipstick was still on whether it look
like a mess there were only certain
lipsticks I would wear to work these are
ones that I would definitely recommend
for work where in that you're not gonna
have to worry about checking on your
lips to make sure you don't look
absolutely ridiculous through the day
they're really a nice formula I'm so
impressed with them I actually went to
coffee break with Danny's video and I
grabbed the things that she recommended
so this was something she recommended
and I'm very thankful because they are
wonderful so that is it for my favorites
and fails countdown for November I hope
you enjoyed it if you did definitely
make sure you hit the subscribe button
down below I do put out a ton of content
typically because of the holiday things
have been a little bit off and wonky but
my typical content is 9 videos per week
5 makeup minutes that's Monday through
Friday 1 minute videos to tell you
what's happening with the news and then
on Sunday a full length makeup news show
and then I put out three other videos
that are like tip trick review kinds of
videos and those usually come out on
Monday Wednesday and Friday so hopefully
I'll be able to get back to that
schedule this week we'll say I'm hoping
and then I'm sure Christmas will just
throw it all up into an uproar all over
Christmas in New Year's and then we'll
get back into it in January so thank you
again so so much for watching I'm done
babbling mad love to you and I will see
you in a video soon
[Music]